capital = 525 #South Korea - Seoul or Busan

oob = "KOR_1900"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}

set_convoys = 15

add_ideas = {
	KOR_gwangmu_reform
	KOR_great_game
}

recruit_character = KOR_gojong
recruit_character = KOR_sunjong
recruit_character = KOR_yi_un
recruit_character = KOR_yoon_yong_sun
recruit_character = KOR_syngman_rhee_dnc
recruit_character = KOR_yi_donghwi
recruit_character = KOR_kim_gu_dnc
recruit_character = KOR_yi_sangsul
recruit_character = KOR_terauchi_masatake
recruit_character = KOR_shin_palgyun
recruit_character = KOR_min_young_hwan
recruit_character = KOR_yu_dongyeol
recruit_character = KOR_cho_sunghwan
recruit_character = KOR_lee_wan_yong
recruit_character = KOR_park_eun_sik
recruit_character = KOR_shin_kyusik
recruit_character = KOR_yi_kang
recruit_character = KOR_shin_sunseong
recruit_character = KOR_yi_beom_jin
recruit_character = KOR_kim_chang_sook
recruit_character = KOR_yi_sang_jae
recruit_character = KOR_yi_beom_yun
recruit_character = KOR_alexandra_kim
recruit_character = KOR_chae_sang_deok
recruit_character = KOR_yang_gi_tak
recruit_character = KOR_ahn_chang_ho
recruit_character = KOR_roh_baek_rin
recruit_character = KOR_kim_ga_jin
recruit_character = KOR_park_yong_man
recruit_character = KOR_seo_wal_bo

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1900.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 0
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 95
}

1936.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 30
		fascism = 0
		communism = 0
		neutrality = 70
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Yi Yong-ik"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_portrait_Syngman_Rhee
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Emperor Gojong"
	desc = ""
	picture = GFX_portrait_Yi_Kang
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = despotism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
